[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/pip-implementation.md

> [!NOTE]
>  [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] also supports next-generation PIPs, recently published by the RosettaNet organization, that use XSD specifications.

>  To implement a new PIP, you must convert the PIP's DTD into an XSD. You download the DTD associated with the PIP from the RosettaNet Web site. You then create a [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] process configuration profile based on the PIP. For more information, see [Incorporating a New Partner Interface Process](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/incorporating-a-new-partner-interface-process.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To implement a new PIP, you must convert the PIP's DTD into an XSD. You download the DTD associated with the PIP from the [GS1 RosettaNet website](https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet). You then create a [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] process configuration profile based on the PIP. For more information, see [Incorporating a New Partner Interface Process](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/incorporating-a-new-partner-interface-process.md).
```

 The process configuration profile maps to the RosettaNet PIP specification as shown in [Using the PIP Specification to Create a Process Configuration](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/using-the-pip-specification-to-create-a-process-configuration.md).

## See Also

>  [What BizTalk Accelerator for RosettaNet Adds to BizTalk Server](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/what-biztalk-accelerator-for-rosettanet-adds-to-biztalk-server.md)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[What BizTalk Accelerator for RosettaNet Adds to BizTalk Server](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/what-biztalk-accelerator-for-rosettanet-adds-to-biztalk-server.md)  
```
